README.md, before:

## Tech Challenge


## Prerequisites

Below are some of the things you will need to provision the infrastructure. The links will provide extra help and information

* Terraform - this is an open source infrastructure as code software tool used to provision and manade cloud and on prem resources. [What is Terraform](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/intro)
* [How to install Terraform](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/tutorials/aws-get-started/install-cli)
* AWS Account and credentials to create resources in the us-east-1 region. (Create a AWS account) [https://aws.amazon.com/console/]
* AWS CLI - use the AWS CLI to configure your AWS credentials. You will need you AWS access key ID and Secret Access key
* [How to install AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/getting-started-install.html)
* [Help to connect terraform with AWS](https://dev.to/aws-builders/connecting-aws-with-terraform-a-short-guide-4bda)

## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | ~> 5.85 |
| <a name="requirement_local"></a> [local](#requirement\_local) | ~> 2.0 |
| <a name="requirement_tls"></a> [tls](#requirement\_tls) | ~> 4.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | 5.100.0 |
| <a name="provider_local"></a> [local](#provider\_local) | 2.6.1 |
| <a name="provider_tls"></a> [tls](#provider\_tls) | 4.1.0 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_alb"></a> [alb](#module\_alb) | terraform-aws-modules/alb/aws | 9.13.0 |
| <a name="module_alb_sg"></a> [alb\_sg](#module\_alb\_sg) | terraform-aws-modules/security-group/aws | 5.3.1 |
| <a name="module_application_sg"></a> [application\_sg](#module\_application\_sg) | terraform-aws-modules/security-group/aws | 5.3.1 |
| <a name="module_asg"></a> [asg](#module\_asg) | terraform-aws-modules/autoscaling/aws | 8.3.1 |
| <a name="module_management_ec2"></a> [management\_ec2](#module\_management\_ec2) | terraform-aws-modules/ec2-instance/aws | 5.8.0 |
| <a name="module_management_sg"></a> [management\_sg](#module\_management\_sg) | terraform-aws-modules/security-group/aws | 5.3.1 |
| <a name="module_vpc"></a> [vpc](#module\_vpc) | git::https://github.com/Coalfire-CF/terraform-aws-vpc-nfw.git | v3.1.0 |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_internet_gateway.igw](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/internet_gateway) | resource |
| [aws_key_pair.project](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/key_pair) | resource |
| [aws_route.management_route](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/route) | resource |
| [aws_route_table.management_rt](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/route_table) | resource |
| [aws_route_table.private](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/route_table) | resource |
| [aws_route_table_association.application](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/route_table_association) | resource |
| [aws_route_table_association.backend](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/route_table_association) | resource |
| [aws_route_table_association.management](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/route_table_association) | resource |
| [local_file.project_key](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/local/latest/docs/resources/file) | resource |
| [tls_private_key.project](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/tls/latest/docs/resources/private_key) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_ami_id"></a> [ami\_id](#input\_ami\_id) | aws linux ami for the EC2 instances | `string` | `"ami-0532be01f26a3de55"` | no |
| <a name="input_aws_region"></a> [aws\_region](#input\_aws\_region) | AWS region to deploy resources | `string` | `"us-east-1"` | no |
| <a name="input_custom_ip"></a> [custom\_ip](#input\_custom\_ip) | IP address to ssh to the management EC2 | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_instance_type"></a> [instance\_type](#input\_instance\_type) | instance type for the EC2 instances | `string` | `"t2.micro"` | no |
| <a name="input_key_name"></a> [key\_name](#input\_key\_name) | key name for the aws key pair | `string` | `"project"` | no |

## Outputs

No outputs.

Commit message:

Changed the top from 'tech challenge' to 'Intro' and added a short introduction

README.md, after:

## Intro

This repository is for a 3-tier VPC architecture with multiple avilability zones built using terraform. It was designed to meet Coalfire's minimum requirements.
Modules from terraform and Coalfire's repo were used in this project.

## Prerequisites

Below are some of the things you will need to provision the infrastructure. The links will provide extra help and information

* Terraform - this is an open source infrastructure as code software tool used to provision and manade cloud and on prem resources. [What is Terraform](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/intro)
* [How to install Terraform](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/tutorials/aws-get-started/install-cli)
* AWS Account and credentials to create resources in the us-east-1 region. (Create a AWS account) [https://aws.amazon.com/console/]
* AWS CLI - use the AWS CLI to configure your AWS credentials. You will need you AWS access key ID and Secret Access key
* [How to install AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/getting-started-install.html)
* [Help to connect terraform with AWS](https://dev.to/aws-builders/connecting-aws-with-terraform-a-short-guide-4bda)

## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | ~> 5.85 |
| <a name="requirement_local"></a> [local](#requirement\_local) | ~> 2.0 |
| <a name="requirement_tls"></a> [tls](#requirement\_tls) | ~> 4.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | 5.100.0 |
| <a name="provider_local"></a> [local](#provider\_local) | 2.6.1 |
| <a name="provider_tls"></a> [tls](#provider\_tls) | 4.1.0 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_alb"></a> [alb](#module\_alb) | terraform-aws-modules/alb/aws | 9.13.0 |
| <a name="module_alb_sg"></a> [alb\_sg](#module\_alb\_sg) | terraform-aws-modules/security-group/aws | 5.3.1 |
| <a name="module_application_sg"></a> [application\_sg](#module\_application\_sg) | terraform-aws-modules/security-group/aws | 5.3.1 |
| <a name="module_asg"></a> [asg](#module\_asg) | terraform-aws-modules/autoscaling/aws | 8.3.1 |
| <a name="module_management_ec2"></a> [management\_ec2](#module\_management\_ec2) | terraform-aws-modules/ec2-instance/aws | 5.8.0 |
| <a name="module_management_sg"></a> [management\_sg](#module\_management\_sg) | terraform-aws-modules/security-group/aws | 5.3.1 |
| <a name="module_vpc"></a> [vpc](#module\_vpc) | git::https://github.com/Coalfire-CF/terraform-aws-vpc-nfw.git | v3.1.0 |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_internet_gateway.igw](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/internet_gateway) | resource |
| [aws_key_pair.project](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/key_pair) | resource |
| [aws_route.management_route](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/route) | resource |
| [aws_route_table.management_rt](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/route_table) | resource |
| [aws_route_table.private](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/route_table) | resource |
| [aws_route_table_association.application](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/route_table_association) | resource |
| [aws_route_table_association.backend](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/route_table_association) | resource |
| [aws_route_table_association.management](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/route_table_association) | resource |
| [local_file.project_key](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/local/latest/docs/resources/file) | resource |
| [tls_private_key.project](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/tls/latest/docs/resources/private_key) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_ami_id"></a> [ami\_id](#input\_ami\_id) | aws linux ami for the EC2 instances | `string` | `"ami-0532be01f26a3de55"` | no |
| <a name="input_aws_region"></a> [aws\_region](#input\_aws\_region) | AWS region to deploy resources | `string` | `"us-east-1"` | no |
| <a name="input_custom_ip"></a> [custom\_ip](#input\_custom\_ip) | IP address to ssh to the management EC2 | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_instance_type"></a> [instance\_type](#input\_instance\_type) | instance type for the EC2 instances | `string` | `"t2.micro"` | no |
| <a name="input_key_name"></a> [key\_name](#input\_key\_name) | key name for the aws key pair | `string` | `"project"` | no |

## Outputs

No outputs.
